User docs refactor (#314)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/plugins.rst

Developing a plugin
-------------------

To write your own PennyLane-compatible plugin, the best place to start is our
:ref:`overview of the plugin developer API <plugin_overview>`, as well as exploring
the source code of the provided reference plugin modules
:mod:`pennylane.plugins.default_qubit` and :mod:`pennylane.plugins.default_gaussian`

> (providing the ``default.qubit`` and ``default.gaussian`` devices respectively).

Reviewer: How about `(these plugins provide the ``default.qubit`` and ``default.gaussian`` devices respectively)`  ?

Author: ```suggestion
(these plugins provide the ``default.qubit`` and ``default.gaussian`` devices respectively).
```
